Add `Rising Global Taiko Showdown 2021` wiki article (#7112)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GTS/RGTS_2021/en.md

---
tags:
  - RGTS2021
  - RGTS
  - GTS
---

# Rising Global Taiko Showdown 2021

![RGTS 2021 logo](img/logo.jpg)

> The **Rising Global Taiko Showdown 2021** (***RGTS 2021***) was a worldwide double-elimination 2v2 osu!taiko tournament hosted by ![][flag_FR] [Briesmas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2865172) ![][flag_FR] [Kasumi-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6177263), and ![][flag_DE] [Sayira](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7253958). Only players ranked between #1,000 and #4,500 could participate. It was the first instalment of the Rising Global Taiko Showdown and part of the Global Taiko Showdown series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Rising Global Taiko Showdown 2021** (***RGTS 2021***) was a worldwide double-elimination 2v2 osu!taiko tournament hosted by ![][flag_FR] [Briesmas](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2865172), ![][flag_FR] [Kasumi-sama](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6177263), and ![][flag_DE] [Sayira](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7253958). Only players ranked between #1,000 and #4,500 could participate. It was the first instalment of the Rising Global Taiko Showdown and part of the Global Taiko Showdown series.
```

### Semifinals

Saturday, 10 July 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| United States A ![][flag_US] | 6 | **7** | ![][flag_AR] **Argentina** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/87093392) |
| Philippines ![][flag_PH] | 1 | **7** | ![][flag_KR] **South Korea** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/87107467) |
| **China A** ![][flag_CN] | **7** | 5 | ![][flag_MY] Malaysia A | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/87115316) |
| Japan A ![][flag_JP] | 4 | **7** | ![][flag_HK] **Hong Kong** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/87117895) |

Sunday, 11 July 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Malaysia A ![][flag_MY] | 1 | **7** | ![][flag_KR] **South Korea** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/87164877) |
| **Japan A** ![][flag_JP] | **7** | 4 | ![][flag_AR] Argentina | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/87180351) |

### Quarterfinals

Saturday, 3 July 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| Argentina ![][flag_AR] | 2 | **6** | ![][flag_CN] **China A** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86713465) |

> | Russian Federation/Ukraine ![][flag_RU] ![][flag_UA] | 4 | **6** | ![][flag_MY] Malaysia A | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86713468) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Russian Federation/Ukraine ![][flag_RU] ![][flag_UA] | 4 | **6** | ![][flag_MY] **Malaysia A** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86713468) |
```

| **Japan A** ![][flag_JP] | **6** | 2 | ![][flag_DE] Germany A | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86715841) |
| **Argentina** ![][flag_AR] | **6** | 2 | ![][flag_SG] Singapore A | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86718204) |

Sunday, 4 July 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **Philippines** ![][flag_PH] | **6** | 2 | ![][flag_CA] Canada | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86749565) |
| Germany A ![][flag_DE] | 1 | **6** | ![][flag_KR] **South Korea** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86767994) |
| Russian Federation/Ukraine ![][flag_RU] ![][flag_UA] | -1 | **0** | ![][flag_US] **United States A** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86780591) |

### Round of 16

Saturday, 26 June 2021:

| Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| **China A** ![][flag_CN] | **6** | 3 | ![][flag_US] United States B | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86282475) |
| **Philippines** ![][flag_PH] | **6** | 1 | ![][flag_SG] Singapore A | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86294269) |

> | **Russian Federation/Ukraine** ![][flag_RU] ![][flag_UA] | **6** | 4 | ![][flag_AU] ![][flag_GU] | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86297694) |

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
| **Russian Federation/Ukraine** ![][flag_RU] ![][flag_UA] | **6** | 4 | ![][flag_AU] ![][flag_GU] **Australia/Guam** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86297694) |
```

Author: Wdym? Red Team (Left) won the game

Author: Oh, empty text, of course

Reviewer: oh right, red team won

| Austria ![][flag_AT] | 1 | **6** | ![][flag_US] **United States A** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/86319437) |

### Group stage

Saturday, 19 June 2021:

| Group | Team 1 |  |  | Team 2 | Match link |
| :-: | --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| A | New Zealand ![][flag_NZ] | 4 | **5** | ![][flag_MX] **Mexico A** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85849217) |
| A | Mexico A ![][flag_MX] | 0 | **5** | ![][flag_US] **United States B** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85852346) |
| B | Singapore B ![][flag_SG] | 0 | **5** | ![][flag_US] **United States A** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85856521) |
| C | Colombia ![][flag_CO] | 1 | **5** | ![][flag_HK] **Hong Kong** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85856496) |
| H | Austria ![][flag_AT] | 4 | **5** | ![][flag_CN] **China A** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85866295) |
| F | China B ![][flag_CN] | 0 | **5** | ![][flag_KR] **South Korea** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85868162) |
| H | Taiwan ![][flag_TW] | 4 | **5** | ![][flag_AT] **Austria** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85869842) |

> | E | Thailand ![][flag_TH] | 3 | **5** | ![][flag_AU] ![][flag_GU] Australia/Guam | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85869850) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| E | Thailand ![][flag_TH] | 3 | **5** | ![][flag_AU] ![][flag_GU] **Australia/Guam** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/85869850) |
```

5. Any members of staff **apart from organisers, mappool selectors, and referees** are allowed to play.
6. Players and staff members must have read this ruleset entirely.
7. All participants must stay respectful and keep a proper attitude. Not following this rule can result in a ban/blacklist from the tournament. This rule concerns all staff members as well.
8. Any rule changes or unexpected occurrences will be announced in the Discord server.

### Restrictions and registrations

1. In order to participate, players need to be in the rank range of #1,000 - #4,500.
2. Players are not allowed to rank up further than #1,000 during the tournament. Passing this limit will result in disqualification.
3. Players must join the Discord server of the tournament to actually be counted as a player.
4. Players sign up individually. When their registration is accepted, they will get a player role with their respective country.
5. osu! staff can refuse players from participating in the tournament if their skill is deemed much higher than the targeted rank range.

> 6. In this iteration, 2 teams for a country may be allowed under certain conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. 2 teams for a country may be allowed under certain conditions:
```

18. Disconnections are treated as failing the map.
19. A beatmap can be replayed upon a disconnection that happened within 30 seconds of starting. This is only allowed once per team.
20. Failed players' scores do get added to the team score.
21. If the beatmap ends in a draw, the game will be nullified and the map will be replayed.
22. In case of a tie in points (example: 4-4 in BO9) the tiebreaker is selected.

### All Stars rules

1. All Stars is a fun event taking place on the same weekend as the Grand Finals! It will showcase the best players of the tournament playing against each other in a special match.
2. 12 players will participate in this event. They will be decided by a vote.
3. If there are more than 2 players from a country in the top 12 most voted players, only the 2 best will partake in All Stars.
4. The top 2 players will be captains of each team. Their teammates will be decided by the ranking of the next 6 players. The topmost voted player will play with players with an odd number and the second most voted player with players with an even number.

> 5. The mappool that will be used is the mappool from the Grand Finals stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The mappool is the same as the one in Grand Finals.
```
